add stylus faucet information (#591)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/stylus/stylus-quickstart.md

:::

### Testnet ETH

> The Stylus testnet settles directly to the [Arbitrum Sepolia](https://docs.arbitrum.io/for-devs/concepts/public-chains#arbitrum-sepolia) testnet. Following these steps can get you testnet ETH on the Stylus testnet:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Stylus testnet settles directly to the [Arbitrum Sepolia](/for-devs/concepts/public-chains#arbitrum-sepolia) testnet. Follow these steps to acquire testnet ETH on the Stylus testnet:
```

> 1. Navigate to [https://bwarelabs.com/faucets/arbitrum-stylus-testnet](https://bwarelabs.com/faucets/arbitrum-stylus-testnet)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to [https://bwarelabs.com/faucets/arbitrum-stylus-testnet](https://bwarelabs.com/faucets/arbitrum-stylus-testnet).
```

> 2. Enter your wallet address into the text field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Enter your wallet address into the text field.
```

> 3. Click claim and optionally follow the second step to receive extra testnet tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click `Claim` and optionally follow the second step to receive extra testnet tokens.
```

> 4. You should now have Sepolia ETH on the Stylus testnet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. You should now have Sepolia ETH on the Stylus testnet.
```
